#summary Application Version Summaries & Changelog
#labels Featured

= Release Notes =

*v2.25* _Coming Soon..._
 * 

*v2.24* (February 10, 2012)
 * Fixed a Dim Screen Background bug.
 * Added compatibility between Android 4.0 (ICS) Calendars and the Calendar notifications.
 * Fixed/updated blocked notification user preference.
 * Fixed/updated incoming notifications being blocked when in the quick reply screen.
 * Fixed a blocked notification reschedule bug.
 * Updated translations.
 * Small bug fixes.

*v2.23* (January 31, 2012)
 * Fixed Force Close bug on new SMS messages.
 * Fixed SMS messages not being marked as read bug.
 * Other small bug fixes.

*v2.22* (January 27, 2012)
 * Re-wrote code to improve efficiency and application file size.
 * Added a "View" button to Twitter notifications.
 * Fixed a Facebook Message bug.
 * Added a few more user preferences.
 * Fixed a Kaiten Mail integration problem.
 * Small bug fixes.
 * Updated translations.

*v2.21* (January 19, 2012)
 * Added a few new user preferences (Disable context menus, Set Popup Width Padding and a few more.)
 * Added user option to ignore Class 0 SMS Messages AKA Flash SMS Messages.
 * Fixed critical bug that prevents SMS messages from being sent.
 * Small bug fixes.
 * Updated translations.

*v2.20* (January 17, 2012)
 * Fixed crash related to Facebook Notifications.
 * Small bug fixes.

*v2.19* (January 13, 2012)
 * Added option to change the language of the app.
 * Fixed a Facebook Messages bug which displayed incorrect messages from the message thread.
 * Fixed a Facebook Messages bug which displayed the incorrect FROM user.
 * Fixed a bug that prevented some contacts from being matched correctly.
 * Added a "View" button to Facebook notifications.
 * Small bug fixes.

*v2.18* (January 10, 2012)
 * Pro Version critical bug fix which stopped the pro features from working properly.

*v2.17* (January 9, 2012)
 * Fixed a contact recognition bug.
 * Slight updates to the user preferences.
 * Updated translations.
 * Added support for the "NotiGo" utility.
 * Added a Debug logging option to help users with unexpected problems.

*v2.16* (December 23, 2011)
 * Remove the INTERNET permission on the Basic version of the app.
 * Fixed Kaiten Mail notifications. A bug prevented them from displaying.
 * Added new Ice Cream theme.
 * Fixed character count bug in Quick Reply activity.
 * Fixed incorrect Facebook times being displayed.
 * Added an option to fix SMS timestamps depending on if the incoming time is UTC or local.
 * Added option to specify the maximum lines that are displayed in the notifications.

*v2.15* (December 19, 2011)
 * Bug fix that prevented all but SMS notifications from appearing.
 * Facebook Authentication issue resolved.
 * Other small bug fixes.

*v2.14* (December 16, 2011)
 * Fixed a small bug related to using the Home button.
 * Made some updates to the Quick Reply activity.
 * Added Twitter notifications to the Pro version of the app.
 * Added Facebook notifications to the Pro version of the app.
 * Updated some of the icons and graphics. Added more placeholder contact images.
 * Added/updated Translations: French, Spanish, German, Polish, Portuguese & Hebrew.
 * Small bug fixes.

*v2.13* (November 22, 2011)
 * Fixed crash bug in Pro version.

*v2.12* (November 21, 2011)
 * Added Text-To-Speech (TTS) to notifications.
 * Updated the notification buttons. Default to icons only, but this is customizable.
 * Small updates to the existing themes.
 * Added support for K-9 mail clients.
 * Fixed a bug which prevented Calendar Event notifications from working.
 * Small bug fixes.

*v2.11* (November 14, 2011)
 * Added the following translations: Portuguese
 * Updated translations.
 * Added notification reminders.
 * Added preference to center the notification body text.
 * Small bug fixes.

*v2.10* (November 7, 2011)
 * Added a few more date formats as well as defaulted the app to follow the phones date format.
 * Added the following translations: French, Spanish, German
 * A "Reschedule" button has been added. This is part 1 of the "reschedule" features that will be added.
 * Fixed a bug that prevented calendar notifications from appearing.

*v2.9* (October 25, 2011)
 * Added donation app to markets.
 * Small bug fixes.

*v2.8* (October 24, 2011)
 * Updated the MMS notifications. Added a "Click To View MMS Message" link in the notification since I am unable to parse MMS messages.
 * Updated the user ringtone preferences to include all ringtones, not just notification ringtones types.
 * Added user preferences to select time and date formats.
 * Added user preferences to customize the header items of notifications.
 * Fixed a bug in the In-Call settings that caused the sound and vibrations to repeat forever.
 * Fixed other small bugs & UI items.

*v2.7* (October 17, 2011)
 * Fixed the "Hide Single Message Header" user preference option.
 * Fixed a bug in which Status Bar Notifications were being displayed regardless of the user preferences.
 * Fixed a bug in which the notifications were being blocked regardless of the user settings.
 * Updated the "In Messaging App" feature so that the notifications are only blocked if you are in the "Compose Message" screen of a messaging app instead of any of the messaging app screens.
 * Added a user option to set the contact image background.
 * Added a user option to set the contact image size.

*v2.6.1* (October 12, 2011)
 * Fixed a bug that caused the app to crash under certain circumstances.
 * Fixed the contact name text-wrapping bug.
 * Fixed the a bug which stopped some notification popups from appearing.

*v2.6* (October 7, 2011)
 * Added Status Bar Notifications
 * Re-Tooled the screen wakeup and release code.

*v2.5.1* (August 30, 2011)
 * Fixed a bug that caused the app to crash. 

*v2.5* (August 29, 2011)
 * Fixed the SMS timestamp issue which displayed incorrect times for some users.
 * Added the Android "Quick Contact" popup when you click on the contacts photo.
 * Fixed a "Private Number" bug in the phone number contact recognition code.
 * Fixed a leading "0" issue in the phone number contact recognition code. This should help non North American users with the app recognizing contacts correctly.
 * Fixed a bug that caused SMS/MMS messages not be marked as read when you dismiss the notification.
 * Other small bug fixes.

*v2.4* (August 10, 2011)
 * Updated the user preferences with regard to Rescheduling notifications (e.g. in case you are in a call or replying to a message, etc.)
 * Added options to reschedule notifications for SMS/MMS messages if you are running a messaging app.
 * Added an option to set the text size in the notifications.
 * Added an option to hide the contact information in the notifications.
 * Re-tooled a few themes and added 2 new themes (HTC Sense UI & Xperia).
 * Updated the phone number contacts recognition. Phone numbers should match your contacts list much better now.
 * Other small bug fixes & code improvements.

*v2.3* (July 29, 2011)
 * Retooled the Quick Reply screen.
  * Added "Save Draft" feature.
  * Send button no longer hidden by soft keyboard.
  * Option to hide the Cancel button (It's not really needed).
  * Option to dim or blur the background when the quick reply window is shown.
 * A Missed Calls dismiss & delete from call log bug has been fixed.
 * Fixed a bug that prevented the exporting of the application settings.
 * Various small bug fixes.

*v2.2* (July 22, 2011)
 * Small bug fixes, mostly related to user preferences.
 * Notifications should not pull up the settings screen behind it any longer.
 * Added the option to use the notification count text in the header as a button. (e.g. you can touch the text "1/1" in the header of a notification to view the message or thread of a received sms message.)

*v2.1* (July 09, 2011)
 * Added better integration with 3rd party messaging apps.
 * Add an export/import settings feature.
 * Fixed "Application Not Responding (ANR)" bugs.
 * Fixed a Calendar Notification not displaying bug.
 * Added option to hide the text message body.
 * Added options to hide the notification buttons.

*v2.0* (June 30, 2011)
 * New UI for notifications.
 * Added "Themes" in preferences for the notifications.
 * Added touch "swipe" and "fling" motions to navigate through notifications. 
 * Added user preference to show or hide the icons on the buttons.
 * Added user preference to show a confirmation dialog box when you delete a message.
 * Added user preference to schedule All-Day calendar events hours before that special type of event (instead of minutes like other events).
 * Fixed a bug in the Calendar Notifications. The displayed time was off due to GMT timezone defaults.
 * Updated the Quick Reply screen with some useful tweaks and features.
  * Update UI of Quick Reply screen. 
  * Added focus to the message body field.
  * Display the softkeyboard when the screen loads.
 * When you perform a successfull action on a notification, the notification will be removed. (e.g.)
  * When you reply to a SMS notification, the notification will be removed now.
  * When you call from a Missed Call notification, the notification will be removed now.
  * When you view an event from a Calendar Event notification, the notification will be removed now.
 * Incoming SMS messages that come from an Email Gateway should now be able to load the contact if that email is in the users phone contacts.
 * Updated linked text color to be white.
 * Added more error checking and pop-up error messages so that the user gets instant feedback about the operation of the app.
 * Tweaked the code in order to gain efficiency and performance. 
 * Added/Updated "Text Contact" & "Call Contact" context menu items.
 * Added an option to display the Calendar name to the Event notification. (This is useful when you have more than one calendar in your phone)
 * Added an option to Blur or Dim the background when a notification is received.
 * Added an option and functionality to reply to SMS messages with any installed messaging app, the android messaging app, or a built in quick reply screen.

*v1.2* (June 08, 2011)
  * Fixed a bug that displayed duplicate notifications for incoming SMS messages.
  * Fixed a bug in which incoming SMS messages displayed the time in GMT. Incoming SMS messages have a timestamp in GMT. The time should now appear as the localized time for the users phone.
  * Fixed a bug that prevented the contact of the incoming call or SMS message from loading correctly.

*v1.1* (June 06, 2011)
 * Added more preference options.
 * You can now select the contact placeholder image from a pre-defined list.
 * Fixed a bug where some phones crashed due to a bad ringtone or no default ringtone.
 * Fixed a bug where some phones crashed due to the date format of their calendar events.
 * Updated the "Test Notification" button on the preferences screen.
 * Added a "Rate This App" feature on the preferences screen.
 * Added a "Email Developer" feature on the preferences screen.

*v1.0* Release (June 02, 2011)
 * Added more preference settings to customize the app.
 * Fixed a bug in the Calendar Event notifications.
 * Prepped/setup the application so that translations can be incorporated.
 * Added the GNU V3 End User License Agreement to the app.
 * Added new Quick Reply built in SMS Message screen. This will be an option that you can specify in the app's preferences. You can use the built in Messaging App to send messages or this new built in Quick Reply screen.
 * Added ringtone support so that new notifications will ring when they arrive. This is an option and it is customizable based on notification type.
 * Added code that resizes all images to a standard size for all notifications.
 * Added the ability to load all unread SMS messages when a new message is received. This can be turned off and on in the preferences.
 * Timeout to release screen after unlocking phone (Saves battery power/life)

*v0.9* Beta Release (May 15, 2011)
 * Popup a notification when a SMS message is received, a phone call is missed, and calendar events are occurring soon.
 * The screen will be woken up when a notification is received. It will be re-enabled after a set timeout period or when the notifications have all been cleared, whichever comes first.
 * The keyguard will be disabled when a notification is received. It will be re-enabled after a set timeout period or when the notifications have all been cleared, whichever comes first.
 * If the phone is in a call notifications will not be shown but instead will be re-scheduled to at a later time.
 * There are preferences that allow you to customize each notification type individually as well as some other global preference settings.